S. Rose new tutorial to update a specific user's info (#39)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-public: docs/tutorials/update-user-info.md

# Tutorial: Update a specific user's information

> In this tutorial, you will learn the methods to call to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to
```

would this work?

    # Run the service and monitor its database file for updates
    json-server -w to-do-db-source.json
    ```

1. On your desktop, open the Postman app.
1. In the Postman app, create a new request with the values below.
    * **METHOD**: GET
    * **URL**: `{{base_url}}/users`
    * **Headers**:
        * `Content-Type: application/json`
    * **Request body**:
       None

1. In the Postman app, choose **Send** to make the request.
1. Watch for the response body, which should look similar to the text below. Make note of the `id` for the user (or users) you want to change.

  
```js
[
    {
        "last_name": "Smith",
        "first_name": "Ferdinand",
        "email": "f.smith@example.com",
        "id": "1"
    },
    {
        "last_name": "Jones",
        "first_name": "Jill",
        "email": "j.jones@example.com",
        "id": "2"
    },
    {
        "last_name": "Martinez",
        "first_name": "Marty",
        "email": "m.martinez@example.com",
        "id": "3"
    },
    {
        "last_name": "Bailey",
        "first_name": "Bill",
        "email": "b.bailey@example.com",
        "id": "4"
    }
]
```
## Update an existing user's information

> Use the ID property to make changes to a specific user's information. To do this, use the PUT method for {base_url}/users/{id}.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what these sentences do. They don't introduce the procedure, nor give enough information for an expert to complete it without the procedure.

Could you replace it with:

```suggestion
To update information in an existing user's account:
```

1. If your local service is not running, start it.

    ```shell
    cd <your-github-workspace>/to-do-service/api
    # Run the service and monitor its database file for updates
    json-server -w to-do-db-source.json
    ```

1. On your desktop, open the Postman app. In this example, you will change the `first_name` of user 3 from "Marty" to "Maria".
1. In the Postman app, create a new request with the values below.
    * **METHOD**: PUT

>     * **URL**: `{{base_url}}/users/3`

Reviewer: Check the URL value. The `{{base_url}}` value isn't rendering in the published docs.

    * **Headers**:
        * `Content-Type: application/json`
    * **Request body**:
      
    ```js
       {
        "last_name": "Martinez",
        "first_name": "Maria",
        "email": "m.martinez@example.com",
        "id": "3"
    }
    ```

1. In the Postman app, choose **Send** to make the request.
1. The response body should show the updated `first_name` property for user 3, as in the output below.

  
```js
[
   
    {
        "last_name": "Martinez",
        "first_name": "Maria",
        "email": "m.martinez@example.com",
        "id": "3"
        
    }
    
]
```

> After doing this tutorial in Postman, you might like to repeat it in

Reviewer: There should be a space between the code sample and the line of text.

A conclusion of some sort would let them know they're done and they were successful.
The next steps are nice. Maybe give them a heading like this to separate them from the conclusion?

```suggestion

## Next steps

After doing this tutorial in Postman, you might like to repeat it in
```
